# TritonHealthBot
TritonHealthBot is a chatbot designed for UCSD students to streamline their access to health and well-being resources, specifically focusing on UCSD CAPS (Counseling and Psychological Services). The bot aims to simplify the search for relevant health information by summarizing content from various health websites and providing citations. It will initially address urgent student questions such as health queries. The ultimate goal is to ensure students have quick and effective access to health resources, leveraging CAPS' comprehensive services which include counseling, psychiatric services, workshops, and more, all tailored to support students' academic success and personal development.

## Useful Links
- [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10_YFkNc_x7RxIQV_6Eay-ylbWOQVwaC6v4CWlF5ivQk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Google Drive Team Folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1wDtSX2dUXvWqe02iN8VIGH7IkauKgsqX)

## Tech Stack

### Front End
- React, Node.js
### Back End
- Flask, LangChain, Chroma

## Getting Started

These instructions will give you a copy of the project up and running on
your local machine

### Backend Setup
This project uses a Flask server for the backend.

First, navigate to the backend directory by running:

    cd backend

If you are using this project for the first time, please install dependencies by running:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

To start the server, run:

    python chatbot-app.py

### Frontend Setup
This project mainly uses React framwork and Node.js tools.

From the backend directory, navigate to the frontend directory by running:

    cd ..
    cd frontend

If you are using this project for the first time, please install dependencies by running:

    npm install

To render the pages in client proxy, run:    

    npm start

and open the localhost url that serve the pages, typically http://localhost:3000

### Testing
This project uses Jest and the React Testing Library for unit testing.

To run the tests, run:

    npm test

### Structure
#### public
Contains some resource files generated by create-react-app. The most important one is index.html, the entry of the pages.

#### src
Contains all the source files of the project written by developer.
##### pages
Contains all the page-level component. Currently only Home page.

##### components
Contains all the components.

##### styles
Contains all the css files.

##### media
Contains all the images and other media resources.

## Resources
- [How to connect ReactJS with flask API](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-connect-reactjs-with-flask-api/)

## Acknowledgments
  - Thanks to Hao who made suggestions to the projects